# Shippable product and packaging
We tried multiple plugins to package our app. First, we tried JLink and JPackage, but JLink would not work with our Spring dependencies as they were automatic modules. 

We tried to generate the module-info.java files using jdeps and the Maven Dependency plugin, but we ran into errors when trying to compile one of them to a .class file, as the module-info had a "provides" statement, and even without that problem JLink did not seem to respond to us inserting the module-info.class files into the jars generated by the Maven Dependency plugin, and couldn't locate any of the necessary jars any other way. We then attempted the Shade plugin, which also yielded no results. 

So we ended up using the Maven Assembly plugin. Since we could not create a custom JRE with JLink, Assembly simply packages the entire fxui module with it's dependencies to create an executable jar.

Due to our inexperience with what shippable product entails, we are not confident that this solution truly fulfils the necessary requirement, if the goal is to run the jar on a computer that does not have Java installed, we also do not have access to any such computer. While researching online, we have found statements that Spring Boot may not be an optimal service for a modular Java application, so in the future we could instead try to find an alternative to Spring Boot that is not an automatic module.


# Checkstyle choices
After implementing Checkstyle to check our code quality in our project, we found that the sun rule set, the default configuration of Checkstyle, may be too strict for what the project is aiming for.

In general, the Checkstyle violations that remain are either not compatible with a functional project (like making the App constructor private), or too strict (like our package names not fitting naming conventions despite the package structure resembling the todo example), or too complex or confusing (like a private method hiding a private field).  

First, we tried creating a custom rule set (sun rule set but modified to exclude certain rules), but it required the xml configuration file to access a link online which would download a file, which it failed to do. Then we tried importing the google rule set configuration, like we assume was used in the todolist example, but then Checkstyle didn’t check for any rules at all.

In the end, we settled for making Checkstyle not fail the build on violation, but making sure to check and resolve what we could before we mere a change. On reflection, we find it is our lack of experience and time that caused this problem for us. In the future we would try to implement it earlier, so that structural issues that take too long to solve can be dealt with immediately.

